In previous step we added `-specs=nosys.specs` option to our Makefile.

Let's talk a little bit about syscalls.

When developing for environments without a traditional operating system (OS) — such as in embedded systems or bare-metal programming — these syscalls have no underlying OS services to invoke. However, the standard C library (libc) expects these syscalls to exist because they are part of the standard interface for operations like reading from or writing to files

We need to provide four definitions:
- `_close()` - This function is intended to close a file descriptor, so that it no longer refers to any file and may be reused. In an OS-less environment, this function might not have much to do if you're not managing file descriptors manually.
  ```c
  int _close(int file)
  {
    return -1; // Indicate that the file cannot be closed.
  }
  ```
- `_lseek()` - The purpose of `_lseek` is to reposition the file offset of the open file associated with the file descriptor to the argument offset according to the directive whence (e.g., SEEK_SET, SEEK_CUR, SEEK_END). In environments without a filesystem, this is typically not applicable.
  ```c
  int _lseek(int file, int ptr, int dir)
  {
    return 0; // Indicate that the position is unchanged.
  }
  ```
- `_read()` - This function attempts to read up to a specified number of bytes from a file descriptor into the buffer starting at ptr. Without an OS, reading from a file descriptor doesn't make much sense unless you map it to something like reading from a hardware device or buffer.
  ```c
  int _read(int file, char *ptr, int len)
  {
    return 0; // Indicate end-of-file, or no data read.
  }
  ```
- `_write()` - Similarly, `_write` is meant to write up to a specified number of bytes to a file descriptor from the buffer starting at ptr. For embedded systems, you might implement this to write to a UART for console output, or simply return the number of bytes that were "written" to mimic successful operation.
  ```c
  int _write(int file, char *ptr, int len)
  {
    // Example implementation could send data to a UART port, etc.
    // For stub, just pretend we wrote all bytes successfully.
    return len;
  }
  ```

To keep our project organized, we will add these implementations to separated file - [syscalls.c](syscalls.c)

Of course we have to add this file to Makefile:
```patch
-main.bin: main.o
-	$(CC) $(LDFLAGS) main.o -o main.elf
+main.bin: main.o syscalls.o
+	$(CC) $(LDFLAGS) main.o syscalls.o -o main.elf
```

## Time to compile
```powershell
PS E:\Projects\STM32\stm32f767 clean project> make clean; make
rm -f *.o *.elf *.bin
arm-none-eabi-gcc -c  main.c -o main.o
arm-none-eabi-gcc -c  syscalls.c -o syscalls.o
arm-none-eabi-gcc -specs=nosys.specs main.o syscalls.o -o main.elf
arm-none-eabi-objcopy -O binary main.elf main.bin
```

## Conclusion
As we can see, now project is able to build. But hold on! On embedded systems we need to tells the compiler, how to organize data in memory.